Tetsuo everybody!
We'll wash our hands in the springaponet midsummer's bath...
and watch the wires fall on two reeds falling."
Let's go to the heaven, heaven, heaven, with the sick and sick.
Let's go to the heaven, heaven, heaven, heaven.
I'm a man from the port of Ishohama.
Why did I stop the ship when I was sick?
Let's go to the heaven, heaven, heaven, heaven, with the sick and sick.
Let's go to the heaven, heaven, heaven, heaven.
The sea is the best, the best of the two.
I'm a man from the port of Ishohama.
Why did I stop the ship when I was sick?
Let's go to the heaven, heaven, heaven, heaven.
Let's go to the heaven, heaven, heaven, heaven, heaven, with the sick and sick.